Line intersection for attacks.

Straight line first.
Parabola is a straight line (perpendiclar to gravity) a vector to span th eplane it is in (0,0,1) and a 3 coefficients along the line vector (every vector is a one)
The origin of the line is at the apex of the parabola .

Anyway line:
Line is an origin and vector.
For a line segment the vector spans the length of the line and the segment is [0...1]
For a half line the vector is unit (or speed or whatever) and the segment is [0...inf]
for a line the range is [-inf to inf ]

Each grid is an axis aligned box. The line starts at the character's shoot height in its grid on one of the 1-3 planes facing the target. (depends on the vector to the target. Any non 0 is a direction
The length of the line is the total fall off range (basically range + damage).

A list is computed with grid coordinates and the range of the line that goes through it.
This is done with a configurable epsilon so diagonal lines don't clip every tiny corner. They are a bit rounded for hitting terrain.
For every transition then the height is computed.
Then for each grid the height range in and out is computed and matched to the materials at those levels.
Each grid will get a getter to get a slice of materials (in order), with material, density, perhaps temperature.

Along the line the remaining damage of the attack is computed depending on the density and whether fire or poison is picked up.
Also obstacles/creatures are checked and the damage applied.

To compute the grids and the range that the line goes through, the scan starts at the origin of the line and the exiting face.
The neighbour at that face is selected.
The intersection with the line and all (other) faces of that line is computed.
Each face is an axis aligned plane
This is a new type of geometry that consists of:
- one float offset
- one axis aligned direction vector (X,Y,Z, or negative), stored as a Direction
Computing intersection with a line and this plane is relatively easy and fast math. It's just the delta along the axis between origin and offset divided by the vector's coefficient along that axis (if 0 then inf/-inf)
The nearest plane is found that is at least the epsilon away
The neighbour grid at that plane is taken next.
If the distance between the previous and the next plane is smaller than that epsilon, a corner is clipped and that
grid is skipped. Instead the epsilon is added to the next grid (or divided between previous and next?)

So: TODO:
[done] Make an axis aligned plane
[done] with functions to convert to a basic plane
[done] derived from IGeometry
[done] Add unit tests
[done] Implement the function to compute the line intersection.
[done] Range<double> Intersect(Line) const; which can return empty ranges and or infinite start end

Add getters to the axis aligned bounding box to get Plane(Direction)
Use these to implement the line intersection of the axis aligned box by: iterating over all of those planes.
Check if the intersection coordinate is also within both perpendicular plane ranges.

Create a function that creates a subsection line with that range, to get the height range over the Z
Line::Subsection(Range): Line
unit test it of course

Create a function to get a slice of materials from a grid, something
struct MaterialSection { mat*, Obstacle*, density, temperature};
Grid::Slice(Range height) : vector<pair<MaterialSection, double>

Apply the material section to the projectile and the projectile to the obstacles for that grid
Projectile::Resistance(Materia)


Then the final function to trace the path over multiple grids.

For melee weapons the same is done except the path is shorter and it may start at a different corner

TODO:
Where does it aim, how does (especially) vertical cover make it harder to aim.
Instead of tracing a straight line and assuming perfect aim, a target height should be traced from the target to the origin
This range is higher or smaller depending on the size of the character and what is aimed for (eg hamstring, headshot)
or just center mass.
Tracing through grids a slice can still be returned, but the height range is reduced by solid material (perhaps to 0)

Then the algorithm will be: Trace two lines (bottom and top range) from aim target to source and keep the range of "clear" material
The hit chance is computed from the height of this range. THis could still be 0 so penetrating shots can be attempted
This also takes obstacles and their height into account
Then trace once from the source to the middle of this range (fairest) and see what it really will hit.





